#LyX 1.6.9 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 345
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass article
\use_default_options true
\language english
\inputencoding auto
\font_roman default
\font_sans default
\font_typewriter default
\font_default_family default
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100

\graphics default
\paperfontsize default
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_amsmath 1
\use_esint 1
\cite_engine basic
\use_bibtopic false
\paperorientation portrait
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\defskip medskip
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\author "" 
\author "" 
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Itemize
The protocols you are looking at are not really directly applicable to CMPs
 (chip multiprocessors) but were designed for older systems.
 In particular, note that with the Origin 2000 there is part of main memory
 with every node.
 This is not the case on a CMP.
 The way you can 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

adapt
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 the Origin 2000 protocol to CMPs is to consider a CMP where the last-level
 cache is distributed across the nodes (cores) and you are ignoring misses
 from the last-level cache.
 So, if you want to talk about CMPs, you will need to explain the "mapping"
 of the Origin 2000 protocol to CMPs along the lines of the text above.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
A coherence protocol involves maintaining states for the blocks in the caches
 as well as request and reply message types exchanged among the nodes of
 the system.
 Exaplin the basic states as well as the basic message types.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
